Introduction to Flutter and Dart language

What are Flutter and Dart?

Let's find out....

You have heard about Flutter and Dart or if you haven't, let me explain them through some questions and answers.
So, let's start with the concept of a programming language.

Q 1: What is meant by "language" in programming?

A 1: A programming language acts as a bridge between the browser and the computer.
(Let me explain it in more detail. Imagine you travel abroad and you want to talk with a person who speaks another language, like a British 
or Arabic-speaking person and your mother language is Urdu, Pashto, Punjabi or Sindhi, and you don't know English or Arabic, 
then you need a person who will translate your words into Arabic or English.
Similarly, programming languages work the same way.
I mean if a human wants to talk or work with a computer or machine they can't work without a programming language, 
because the machine can't understand human language, and humans also can't talk in a machine-like manner.
In this case, we need a compiler or translator that converts human language into machine code.
For this task, programming languages are used).

Q 2: How many types of Programming languages are there?

A 2: There are two types of Programming languages:
 	i... Low-level languages.	ii... High-level languages

Q 3: What is the meaning of Low-level Programming languages?

A 3: Low-level languages in Programming are those languages that are close to the machine, and these languages are very hard for humans to understand compared
to high-level languages  (like Assembly, C, COBOL, Fortran, Pascal, Ada) .

Q 4: What is the meaning of High-level Programming languages? 

A 4: High-level languages in programming are those languages that are easier for humans to understand
 (like Python, Java, JavaScript, C++, C#, Ruby, PHP).

Q 5: How many types of execution environments are there?

A 5: The execution environments are of two types:
	i... Client-Side execution.	ii...  Server-Side execution.